---
title: Getting Started
description: Saving customer and purchase data in a database
---

The Bland SaaS uses the award-winning Supabase database to store customer and purchase data. Supabase is a powerful and flexible database that is easy to use and integrates well with the Bland SaaS.

## Create an account

To get started with Supabase, you need to create an account. Visit the [Supabase website](https://supabase.com/) and click the "Start your project" button. You can sign up with your email address or use your GitHub account.

## Create a new project

After you have created an account, you can create a new project. Click the "New project" button and give your project a name. 

Once Supabase has created your project, you will be taken to the project dashboard. Here you can see your project details, including the project URL and API key. You will need to add these to your `.env` file.

## Add your project details to your `.env` file

- `SUPABASE_URL` - This is the URL of your Supabase project. It should look something like `https://your-project-id.supabase.co`. It is found under the heading **Project URL** on the project dashboard.
- `SUPABASE_KEY` - This is the API key for your Supabase project. You can find it on the project dashboard under the heading **Project API Keys**.
- `DATABASE_URL` - This is the URL of your Supabase database. It should look something like `postgresql://username:password@hostname:port/database`. You can find it on the project dashboard on the **Database Settings** heading under the **Connection String**.

**NOTE:** If the string you are given is using port 6543, you will need to change it to 5432.

