---
title: Start Here
description: Get started with The Bland SaaS template.
icon: i-heroicons-home
iconColor: bg-purple-500
---

Thank you for your purchase of [The Bland SaaS](https://www.theblandsaas.com) template. This documentation will help you get started with the template and guide you through the process of customizing it to your needs.

The Bland SaaS template is built with Nuxt.js, Tailwind CSS, Prisma and Supabase. It is a modern, responsive, and customizable template that can be used to build SaaS applications, web apps, and more.

## Features

- Modern design
- Responsive layout
- Dark mode
- Authentication
- Internationalization
- SEO friendly
- Easy to style with Tailwind CSS
- Lots of components

## Activate Your License

After purchasing The Bland Saas template, you will receive a license key. To activate your license, follow these steps:

1. Click the link in the email you received after purchasing the template.
2. Enter your license key in the form.
3. Enter the email address you used to purchase the template.
4. Enter your GitHub username.
5. Click the "Activate License" button.

You will be added to the GitHub repository as a collaborator and will have access to the latest updates and bug fixes.

## Join the Community

Join our community on Discord to get help, share your projects, and connect with other developers using The Bland SaaS template.

You should have received instructions to join the Discord server in the email you received after purchasing the template. If you did not receive the email, please [contact us](mailto:info@theblandsaas.com).

## Thank You

Thank you for choosing The Bland SaaS template. We hope you enjoy using it and that it helps you build amazing projects. We would love to see what you create with the template, so please share your projects with us on Discord.