---
title: Tailwind Config
description: Customizing Tailwind CSS
icon: i-mdi-tailwind
iconColor: bg-purple-500
---

Tailwind CSS is a utility-first CSS framework that allows you to build custom designs without writing any CSS. Every component in the Bland SaaS is styled using Tailwind CSS.

## Customizing Tailwind CSS

You can customize the Tailwind CSS configuration by editing the `tailwind.config.js` file in the root of the project. The `tailwind.config.js` file is where you can add custom colors, fonts, and more.


## Customizing Colors

Every component has four variables that you can customize:
- Background color in light mode
- Background color in dark mode
- Text color in light mode
- Text color in dark mode

Here is an example of how you can customize the colors for the `Banner` component:

```js [tailwind.config.js]
module.exports = {
	theme: {
		extend: {
			colors: {
				bannerLightBackground: '#4c1d95',
				bannerDarkBackground: '#4c1d95',
				bannerLightText: '#fff',
				bannerDarkText: '#fff',
			},
		},
	},
}
```

Inside the banner component it will set the background color for light and dark mode and the text color for light and dark mode using the `bannerLightBackground`, `bannerDarkBackground`, `bannerLightText`, and `bannerDarkText` colors respectively.

## Customizing Fonts

You can also customize the fonts used in the Bland SaaS by editing the `tailwind.config.js` file. By default The Bland SaaS uses Google fonts. Here is an example of how you can customize the fonts:

```js [tailwind.config.js]
module.exports = {
	theme: {
		extend: {
			fontFamily: {
				fontFamily: {
					sans: ['ui-sans-serif', 'system-ui'],
					serif: ['ui-serif', 'Georgia'],
					mono: ['ui-monospace', 'SFMono-Regular'],
					display: 'Roboto, ui-serif', // Adds a new `font-display` class
					header: 'Poppins, ui-sans', // Adds a new `font-header` class
					body: ['Roboto'], // Adds a new `font-header` class
				},
			},
		},
	},
}
```

In this example, we have added the `display`, `header`, and `body` fonts to the project. You can then use these fonts in your components by adding the `font-display`, `font-header`, and `font-body` classes to your components.
