---
title: Config File
description: Customizing Tailwind CSS
icon: i-mdi-map
iconColor: bg-purple-500
---

The Bland SaaS uses a config file to store all the text that is displayed on the website. This file is located in the `config` folder and is called `index.js`. The `index.js` file is where you can add custom text, titles, and more.

## Working with the Config File

The `index.js` file is a JavaScript file that exports an object. This object contains all the text that is displayed on the website, configures if certain items are shown or not, and handles the display of text based on the language selected for Internationalization. 

The object is structured like this:

```js
export default {
  appName: 'app.name',
  appDescription: 'app.description',
  appDomain: 'http://localhost:3000',
  auth: {
    google: {
      login: true,
    },
    github: {
      login: true,
    },
  },
  banner: {
    message: 'banner.message',
    url: 'https://theblandsaas.com',
  },
  navbar: {
    showDarkToggle: true,
    showLanguageToggle: true,
    menu: [
      {
        id: 1,
        name: 'Home',
        url: '/',
        i18n: 'navbar.home',
      },
      {
        id: 2,
        name: 'Pricing',
        url: '#pricing',
        i18n: 'navbar.pricing',
      },
      {
        id: 3,
        name: 'FAW',
        url: '#faq',
        i18n: 'navbar.faq',
      },
      {
        id: 4,
        name: 'Blog',
        url: '/blog',
        i18n: 'navbar.blog',
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

Let's break down the structure of the object:

- `appName`: The name of the application. It uses the internationalization code of `app.name` to display the text. This text is found in the `lang` folder.
- `appDescription`: The description of the application. It uses the internationalization code of `app.description` to display the text. This text is found in the `lang` folder.
- `appDomain`: The domain of the application. This is used for social sharing and other features.
- `auth`: This object contains the configuration for the authentication providers. In this example, Google and GitHub are enabled for login.
- `banner`: This object contains the text for the banner that is displayed at the top of the website and the link.
- `navbar`: This object contains the configuration for the navigation bar. It contains the configuration for the dark mode toggle, language toggle, and the menu items. Each menu item has an `id`, `name`, `url`, and `i18n` key. The `i18n` key is used to display the text for the menu item. This text is found in the `lang` folder.

## Adding Custom Text

To add custom text to the website, you can add a new key to the object and set the value to the text you want to display. For example, if you want to add a new section to the website called `Benefits`, you can add the following key to the object:

```js
benefits: {
	title: 'benefits.title',
	description: 'benefits.description',
	items: [
		{
			id: 1,
			title: 'benefits.item1.title',
			description: 'benefits.item1.description',
		},
		{
			id: 2,
			title: 'benefits.item2.title',
			description: 'benefits.item2.description',
		},
		{
			id: 3,
			title: 'benefits.item3.title',
			description: 'benefits.item3.description',
		},
	],
},
```

In this example, the `benefits` object contains a `title`, `description`, and `items` key. The `items` key is an array of objects that contain an `id`, `title`, and `description` key. The `title` and `description` keys use the internationalization code to display the text. This text is found in the `lang` folder.
